coc-update (#115)
euroscipy/euroscipy.github.io: content/pages/2023/code_of_conduct.md

</br>

If problems covered by this code of conduct arise, please contact
EuroSciPy2023 code of conduct team or organizers directly or send an email to coc@euroscipy.org.

> And in case of a conflict you can send an email to coi@python-verband.org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your report involves any members of the committee, or if they feel they
have a conflict of interest in handling it, then they will recuse themselves
from considering your report.

Alternatively, if, for any reason, you feel uncomfortable making
a report to the committee, then you can also contact
[Python Software Verband e.V](https://python-verband.org/#) board via
coi@python-verband.org.
```
